# Comp_Graphic_Visualization
# How do I approach designing software?
A good way to approach designing software it to stay organized and utilize documentation methods such as pseudocode, check lists, notes, requirements, and a fresh sheet of paper for note taking. For this project titled Project3DScene I used checklists with requirements, note taking though out and I did my best to stay organized because graphics is complex. The checklists helped me understand the requirements and allowed me to ensure that each requirement was filled and the note taking allowed me to either write important information about the code or allowed me to draw a coordinate system to visualize the shape before hand. This design approach can be applied to any code or computer science project because each program created, and project will at some point require requirements. 
# How do I approach developing programs?
I now approach developing programs/software in iterations because breaking down the work allowed me to research more or more efficient ways to achieve a desired outcome. A schedule for the week did help with completing project requirements and allowing me to stay on top of each project that was dues each week. Another useful skill I have picked up is setting myself up for the next day as I would finish one part of the program, for example, rendering an object, then the next day I would position the object and render another object. 
# How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Computer science can help me reach my goals by giving me the knowledge and experience to learn about computers, programs, design, engineering, and documentation, while allowing me to get ready for a job in a technical environment. Computational graphics and visualization are a complex programming language that works with C++, and it has given me the opportunity to learn how graphics can work in several different ways. This class and the projects that were worked on throughout the term has given me additional knowledge and experience designing and implementing code.    
